1. Teraform intro - 
 1. tera script example - half a min
 2. Just talk about the script -and bring up the provisioining slide ..
  this is what we are provis with this TF script in Labs AWS env
  - talk a few things about scripts
    1. security group : peer security
    2. xenial vm image being used
    3. Talk about INC file
      - what is INC file : targets inventory for Ansible comprsing Host names / IP Addresses that will be provisioned in respectie VMs
      - show ec-2master section in hosts.inc file
        - this file is generated TF and consumed by Ansible Host
        - Show line no 4 of commands.txt file that invokes TF tool 
           - pls talk about the parameters being passed in this line. mention count of orders, count of peers, count of prom/grafana etc 
   - this is for master org.
 Like wise, show the Slave org TF command invocation line

This TF command, in future phases, will be triggered from SNOW and TF API will be used for this purpose

 For demo video -
1. show you are connecting to AWS via Putty
2. show the TF Apply command you are invoking to create to setup Master Org in AWS
3. Show that command has succsfufly exec
4. Show the AWS console screen with the respective VMs enabled
5. This has created Inventory for Ansible Controller to setup HL F / Grafana / Prom / Kafka and more s/w in the respeve AWS VMs just provisoned
6. 
 
 
 https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/blockchain/templates/hyperledger-fabric-consortium-azure-kubernetes-service
 
 Using Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service, we can build build Hyperledger Fabric(HLF) Blockchain. 
 
 1.) Hyperledger Fabric consortium on Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
 
	We can use the Hyperledger Fabric (HLF) on Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) template to deploy and configure a Hyperledger Fabric consortium network on Azure.
	
	To build Hyperledger Fabric network on Azure, you need to deploy Ordering Service and organization with peer nodes. 
 
	Setup Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain network using the following steps:

	Deploy the orderer/peer organization
	
		Select create to start the template deployment. The Create Hyperledger Fabric on Azure Kubernetes Service displays.
		Enter the project details in Basics page.	
	
	Build the consortium
	Run native HLF operations